README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

Hi. I'm Sascha Manns from Germany. Since 1986 im working with computers. Over the years i worked with a C64, i286, i386 and other computers. I real like to work with them. So i started programming with BASIC, then Visual Basic, Ruby, Python and now C#. I learned MySQL, MS-SQL and Intersystems Cachè. I worked with different APIs and technologies like SOAP and others.
Since a few years i'm working as Windows Insider.

![Sascha Manns's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=saigkill&hide=[%22stars%22]&show_icons=true)

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a upgrade for my website from ASP .NET Core 2.x to 3.x

- 🌱 I’m currently learning .NET Core 5.x

- 💬 Employment status: Unemployed (Feel free to ask) on Sascha.Manns@outlook.de

## Programming Languages 🌐

- Know/Using

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/ASPNetCore.jpg" alt="asp logo" width="60">](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/aspnet/core/)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/c-sharp.png" alt="c# logo" width="38">](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/DotNetCore.jpg" alt="dotnetcore logo" width="60">](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/)  |  [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/JavaScript.png" alt="js logo" width="28">](https://www.javascript.com/) |  [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" alt="python logo" width="40">](https://www.python.org/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/bash/bash.png" alt="bash logo" width="28">](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/ruby.png" alt="ruby logo" width="28">](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

- Learning

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" alt="js logo" width="24">](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png" alt="ts logo" width="24">](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
|---|---|

## Tools 🛠️

- Know/Using

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/actions.png" alt="actions logo" width="24">](https://github.com/features/actions) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/git.png" alt="git logo" width="24">](https://git-scm.com/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/vscode.png" alt="vscode logo" width="24">](https://code.visualstudio.com/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/visualstudio-1.png" alt="vsstandard logo" width="50">](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/scrum.jpg" alt="scrum logo" width="60">](https://www.scrum.org/)  |  [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/codealike.png" alt="codealike logo" width="24">](https://codealike.com/facts/weak-5028961540) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Delta456/Delta456/master/img/gnu_make.png" alt="gnu make logo" width="24">](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html)| Windows Terminal | WSL | many more...
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

- Learning

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/docker/docker.png" alt="docker logo" width="28">](https://www.docker.com/) |[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/kubernetes/kubernetes.png" alt="kubernetes logo" width="26">](https://kubernetes.io/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/azure.png" alt="aws logo" width="70">](https://azure.com/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Delta456/Delta456/master/img/codecov.png" alt="codecov logo" width="24">](https://codecov.io/)| many more...
|---|---|---|---|---|

### Other Accounts 📫

You can find and get touch with me on these accounts!

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/github.png" alt="github logo" width="34">](https://github.com/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/instagram.jpg" alt="instagram logo" width="24">](https://www.instagram.com/saigkill/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/dev.png" alt="dev logo" width="24">](https://dev.to/saigkill)| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/Facebook_.png" alt="dev logo" width="24">](https://www.facebook.com/sascha.manns) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/twitter.png" alt="twitter logo" width="34">](https://twitter.com/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/stack.svg" alt="stack logo" width="24">](https://stackoverflow.com/users/7404985/sascha-manns) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/lastfm.png" alt="gitlab logo" width="24">](https://www.last.fm/user/illuminatus1979) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/reddit.jpg" alt="reddit logo" width="24">](https://www.reddit.com/user/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/linkedin.png" alt="linkedin logo" width="24">](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/xing.png" alt="xing logo" width="29">](https://www.xing.com/profile/SaschaZyroslawKyrill_Manns/cv)
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

<!--
**saigkill/saigkill** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:



- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated bio and added resume url

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

Hi. I'm Sascha Manns from Germany. Since 1986 im working with computers. Over the years i worked with a C64, i286, i386 and other computers. I real like to work with them. So i started programming with BASIC, then Visual Basic, Ruby, Python and now C#. I learned MySQL, MS-SQL and Intersystems Cachè. I worked with different APIs and technologies like SOAP and others.
Since a few years i'm working as Windows Insider.
Over the years i worked in the bank sector, the healthcare sector, and wrote cross-platform apps for customers. Also i worked inside the openSUSE Linux project and other open source projects. I wrote internal documentations and public books for different targets.

![Sascha Manns's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=saigkill&hide=[%22stars%22]&show_icons=true)

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a upgrade for my website from ASP .NET Core 2.x to 3.x

- 🌱 I’m currently learning .NET Core 5.x

- 💬 Employment status: Unemployed (Feel free to ask) on Sascha.Manns@outlook.de My resume can shown there: https://gitconnected.com/saigkill/resume

## Programming Languages 🌐

- Know/Using

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/ASPNetCore.jpg" alt="asp logo" width="60">](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/aspnet/core/)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/c-sharp.png" alt="c# logo" width="38">](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/DotNetCore.jpg" alt="dotnetcore logo" width="60">](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/)  |  [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/JavaScript.png" alt="js logo" width="28">](https://www.javascript.com/) |  [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png" alt="python logo" width="40">](https://www.python.org/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/bash/bash.png" alt="bash logo" width="28">](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/ruby.png" alt="ruby logo" width="28">](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)  |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

- Learning

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" alt="js logo" width="24">](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)  | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/typescript/typescript.png" alt="ts logo" width="24">](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
|---|---|

## Tools 🛠️

- Know/Using

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/actions.png" alt="actions logo" width="24">](https://github.com/features/actions) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/git.png" alt="git logo" width="24">](https://git-scm.com/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/vscode.png" alt="vscode logo" width="24">](https://code.visualstudio.com/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/visualstudio-1.png" alt="vsstandard logo" width="50">](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/scrum.jpg" alt="scrum logo" width="60">](https://www.scrum.org/)  |  [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/codealike.png" alt="codealike logo" width="24">](https://codealike.com/facts/weak-5028961540) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Delta456/Delta456/master/img/gnu_make.png" alt="gnu make logo" width="24">](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html)| Windows Terminal | WSL | many more...
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

- Learning

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/docker/docker.png" alt="docker logo" width="28">](https://www.docker.com/) |[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/kubernetes/kubernetes.png" alt="kubernetes logo" width="26">](https://kubernetes.io/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/azure.png" alt="aws logo" width="70">](https://azure.com/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Delta456/Delta456/master/img/codecov.png" alt="codecov logo" width="24">](https://codecov.io/)| many more...
|---|---|---|---|---|

### Other Accounts 📫

You can find and get touch with me on these accounts!

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/github.png" alt="github logo" width="34">](https://github.com/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/instagram.jpg" alt="instagram logo" width="24">](https://www.instagram.com/saigkill/) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/dev.png" alt="dev logo" width="24">](https://dev.to/saigkill)| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/Facebook_.png" alt="dev logo" width="24">](https://www.facebook.com/sascha.manns) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/twitter.png" alt="twitter logo" width="34">](https://twitter.com/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/stack.svg" alt="stack logo" width="24">](https://stackoverflow.com/users/7404985/sascha-manns) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/lastfm.png" alt="gitlab logo" width="24">](https://www.last.fm/user/illuminatus1979) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/reddit.jpg" alt="reddit logo" width="24">](https://www.reddit.com/user/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/linkedin.png" alt="linkedin logo" width="24">](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saigkill) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/xing.png" alt="xing logo" width="29">](https://www.xing.com/profile/SaschaZyroslawKyrill_Manns/cv) | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saigkill/saigkill/master/img/gitconnected.jpg" alt="xing logo" width="29">](https://gitconnected.com/saigkill)
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

<!--
**saigkill/saigkill** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:



- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
